you know we've been hearing a lot about
cybersecurity lately largely because of
what happened to Sony companies and
individuals are more concerned about the
safety and privacy of their information
than ever president obama has unveiled a
number of new proposals this week to
crack down on hackers and he plans to
address this in the State of the Union
speech on Tuesday and it's great that
the government is working on this but
the truth of the matter is we need to do
a better job of protecting ourselves you
know the most popular password in the
United States is password 1-2-3 and as
long as we're as long as that's the case
we're vulnerable so today we sent a
camera out on a Hollywood Boulevard to
help people by asking them to tell us
their password and this is how that went
we're talking about cybersecurity today
and how safe people's passwords are what
is one of your online passwords
currently it is my dog's name and the
year I graduated from high school Oh
what kind of dog do you have I've
evolved Papillon and what's his name
Jamison Jamison and where'd you go to
school I wouldn't go back in Greensburg
Pennsylvania what school I hit throat
area senior high school Wow when did you
graduate in 2009 oh it's like my cat's
name and then just like a random number
okay is he gonna have this cat for a
while yeah she's my childhood pet oh and
what's her name her name is Jolene Jolie
so I got password of yours would be
Jolie and then a number yeah like number
one like my birthday oh when is your
birthday June 12 what you read 195 oh
great so Jolie 612
95 yes got it so you mean to give my
password right now no I cannot do that
but we all want to know what it is so we
can tell you if it's strong or not oh my
goodness
[Music]
let me think okay one is Tel Aviv yeah
four six eight and then Israel it's it's
only three but it's you know it's for me
it's strong enough Ireland one two three
four Gemma one two three
spell GE mm eh well most of them are
Italian Oh beautiful yeah I feel like
like what's a good Italian password
um my grandma's name what's your
grandma's name uh Maria Maria
so Maria is your password oh yeah now
you know my password yeah well the
important thing is they were terrible
lesson hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know
there are things other than pornography
on the Internet watch them on the Jimmy
Kimmel Live YouTube channel which much
like your own body I encourage you to
explore
[Music]